# CS-300

For this course, we were tasked with learning new data structures for storage such as vectors, binary search trees, and hash tables. Learning these data structures is important as run times and data types can dictate which data structure to apply. With each having their own unique ways in which the data is sorted, some are better suited for others depending on the task at hand. When I encountered roadblocks, I would walk away for a bit then come back about an hour later with a renewed energy for the project. I did not have too many problems with the projects and I was able to easily solve them by going back to certain zybooks lessons or looking up documentation on each of the data structures. 

My approach to designing software has changed quite a bit as I probably would have picked whichever data structure was easiest to implement such as just using a vector or the like. After doing the run-time analysis, there are major benefits to changing up what is used and things such as binary search tree are not as intimidating as their names imply. This project also allowed me to continue developing my skills in writing maintainable and modular code that i started with in CS-210. These things include keeping as many elements of the program outside of the main() method for modularity and also adding fun things such as a menu option I developed for my final in CS-210 to change the colors of the UI. Its soemthing very easy to implement and having interface with the project is always fun to see.  
